[docs] Update Plinko docs to depict refactored state (#24025)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/app-examples/plinko.mdx

### `plinko::house_data`

> The `plinko::house_data` module manages the game's treasury and configurations. It stores the house funds, sets game parameters (like maximum and minimum stakes), handles game fees, and manages the multiplier vector used to calculate winnings. The module provides functions to adjust game settings and manage the house funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `plinko::house_data` module manages the game's treasury and configurations. It stores the house funds, sets game parameters (like maximum and minimum stakes), handles game fees, and manages the multiplier vector used to calculate winnings. The module provides functions to adjust game settings and manages the house funds.
```

    &mut house_data.fees
}

> /// Returns a mutable reference to the house id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// Returns a mutable reference to the house ID.
```

- `init_for_testing`: A utility function facilitating module testing by initializing house data within a test environment.

> ## Enoki Sponsorship

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enoki sponsorship
```

The Plinko game demonstrates a frictionless user experience by leveraging [Enoki](https://docs.enoki.mystenlabs.com/) for transaction sponsorship. This allows players to interact with the game without needing to hold SUI tokens for gas fees, significantly reducing barriers to entry.

### How Sponsorship Works

The sponsorship flow is split into two backend API endpoints that work with the Enoki client:

1. **`/sponsor` endpoint**: Receives unsigned transaction bytes from the frontend and calls `enokiClient.createSponsoredTransaction()` to sponsor them. Returns the sponsored (but still unsigned) transaction bytes and digest.

2. **`/execute` endpoint**: Receives the transaction digest and user signature, then calls `enokiClient.executeSponsoredTransaction()` to submit the sponsored and signed transaction to the blockchain.

The complete flow works as follows:

> 1. **Frontend constructs transaction**: The UI builds a Programmable Transaction Block (PTB) with the necessary Move calls (e.g., `plinko::start_game`) and serializes it to TransactionKind bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Frontend constructs transaction**: The UI builds a programmable transaction block (PTB) with the necessary Move calls (such as, `plinko::start_game`) and serializes it to `TransactionKind` bytes.
```

2. **Request sponsorship**: The unsigned transaction bytes are sent to `/sponsor`, which returns sponsored unsigned bytes.

3. **User signs**: The player signs the sponsored transaction bytes through their wallet.

4. **Execute transaction**: The signed transaction is sent to `/execute`, which submits it to the blockchain.

This two-step process ensures that:
- Players only need to sign transactions (proving ownership)
- The game operator covers all gas fees through Enoki
- The user experience is seamless and Web2-like
- Important: Set `useGasCoin: false` when creating coins for sponsored transactions

> ### Implementation Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Implementation example
```

  useGasCoin: false, // important for sponsorship
})(tx);
tx.add(
  plinko.startGame({
    package: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_PACKAGE_ADDRESS,
    arguments: [betCoin, `${process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_HOUSE_DATA_ID}`],
  })
);

const txBytes = await tx.build({
  client,
  onlyTransactionKind: true,
});

// 2) Sponsor the unsigned TxBytes
const sponsorResp = await fetch("/api/sponsor", {
  method: "POST",
  headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
  body: JSON.stringify({
    transactionKindBytes: toBase64(txBytes),
    sender,
  }),
});

if (!sponsorResp.ok) {
  console.error("Failed to sponsor transaction:", sponsorResp.status);
  showError("Failed to sponsor transaction. Please try again.");
  return;
}

const { bytes: sponsoredBytes, digest: sponsoredDigest } =
  (await sponsorResp.json()) as { bytes: string; digest: string };

// 3) Sign the sponsored TxBytes
const { signature } = await signTransaction({
  transaction: sponsoredBytes,
});

// 4) Execute the sponsored + signed TxBytes
const execResp = await fetch("/api/execute", {
  method: "POST",
  headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
  body: JSON.stringify({ digest: sponsoredDigest, signature }),
});
```

> ## TypeScript Integration with Codegen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TypeScript integration with codegen
```

The Plinko frontend uses [Mysten's codegen tool](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mysten/codegen?activeTab=readme) to automatically generate TypeScript bindings from the Move smart contracts. This provides several advantages:

### Usage Example

> Instead of manually building transaction blocks, developers can use generated functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of manually building transaction blocks, you can use generated functions:
```

## Frontend

The Plinko frontend is built with React and integrates with the Sui blockchain using sponsored transactions through Enoki. The application provides an interactive and responsive gaming experience while abstracting away blockchain complexity from end users.

### State management and setup

- **State hooks**: The application uses React's `useState` to manage game states, including `finalPaths`, `isPlaying`, `totalWon`, and more. These states track the current game status and update the UI in real-time.

- **Sponsored transactions**: The frontend leverages Enoki's `/sponsor` and `/execute` APIs to create a gasless experience. Players can interact with the game without needing SUI tokens, as the backend sponsors all transaction fees.

> - **TypeScript integration**: Generated TypeScript bindings from codegen provide type-safe contract interactions, reducing errors and improving developer experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **TypeScript integration:** Generated TypeScript bindings from codegen provide type-safe contract interactions, reducing errors, and improving developer experience.
```
